Now did we add it sign up and sign in.
It's important to all the managed to log in state in our application correctly.
Now we'll need a couple things for example we'll need that token and therefore here I will actually
add a new private property token which is null initially where I want to store that token now and get
user is authenticated.
I actually now don't want to use my private user is authenticated variable anymore.
Instead I'll remove that.
But here the existence of a token of a valid token will actually determine whether we should be locked
in or not.
So for now what I can return here is simply do you answer to the question whether we have a token or
not.
However the token should not be managed like this but instead in a behavior subject so whenever it changes
we can tell is to the entire application.
And for example log us out and automatically redirect us which I would want to do.
So let's create a new behavior subject here which actually will yield a string because the token is
a string and behavior subject needs to be imported from our ex J.S.
and let's do the same for the user I.D. and therefore we could actually merge both into one user object.
So let's add a U new user model here where we can export a class user and then there I'll add a constructor
and dead constructor will set a public property I.D. which is a string so that user I.D. we also can
stored e-mail in here.
So that would also be a string.
Now all the ones stored in token but in a private property that will be a string.
And I also want to store the token expiration date because that will be important.
Token is not valid forever it will expire and the dad will be a date now.
Next to all these fields I'll also add a getter for a token property.
So this one is named underscore token.
This one is the one we can publicly access and we can only get that in here.
I basically want to check if we're not having an expiration date in which case the token would be invalid
or if this token expiration date is smaller or equal than the current date new date gives us a current
timestamp not just a date but also of time.
In that case I would return null year for to token so then the token would be invalid otherwise I will
return.
This underscore token and now with that user model added which manages its own basic token validation
checks if it's still valid or is still up to date with that we can add a new private property new office
service underscore a user which now is the actual new behavior subject I want to use and therefore I'll
get rid of the token here as well and that will eventually yield as a user.
So that is the generic type.
Sign here and of course I import user from the User model I just added and now it's this user I want
to manage in here.
Now we can still have our get users authenticated helper and there in the end it depends and we need
to find out whether our current user has a valid token or not now we'll initialize the user here with
null by the way.
And then here and get user is authenticated.
I will return this user as observable pipe because I want to not return to full user here but only the
information whether it is users authenticated or not.
And therefore I'll pipe the map operator here to transform the data and the user subject which is a
user object.
I want to transform it to a Boolean.
Therefore this map operator is imported from our x j as operators and then down there in the map operator
we get that full User object and I want to return the answer to the question whether Dad users of Fenwick
header or not.
Well that simply depends on whether we have a valid token or not.
So I can return user token here.
However I will actually add two exclamation marks here which will convert is to a Boolean because the
token by default is a string.
That would add one exclamation mark I would return true if the token is invalid and false if it is valid
via Add to.
I basically just force a conversion to a Boolean.
So this now returns and observable that will eventually yield True or false depending on whether we
have a token or not.
Now for the user I.D. if we need that then I can just return.
This user has observable and there are also map the response and I'll get for my full user object here.
But I actually only want to get the I.D. so I can just access user I.D. and return that now to avoid
errors.
If user is undefined or is null as it is at the beginning here I should of all call resolve to take
care about such scenarios therefore I will actually wrap these checks here so not just use the short
inline notation but I will eventually return this but only if we have a user objects I'll check if user
is set.
In which case I then return this token which I tried to access.
Otherwise if we have no user then I just return false.
Because because then the user certainly is not often you get it.
If we have no user they'll do the same here for the user I.D..
I will actually not use the short notation where I have everything in line I do return my user I.D.
here but only if we have a user.
So if user then I tried to return the user I.D. alts I will just return null here.
So now we adjusted D to getters and we are now using the user model to also manage our estate.
Therefore here and log out what I of course want to do is I want to reach out to my users subject and
emit a new event where I is reset the user to now.
But of course all all they have to make sure that I do actually set a user.
After we logged in or signed up and that will be the next step.